Add phpmyadmin service as optional (#32474)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: README.md

docker compose build --no-cache
docker-compose up --build --force-recreate
```

> **Note:** To add a PHPMyAdmin service to your Docker Compose setup, start your Docker Compose setup with the -f flag to include both the docker-compose.yml and docker-compose.override.yml files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** To add a PHPMyAdmin service to your Docker Compose setup, you can copy the existing `docker-compose.override.yml.dist` to `docker-compose.override.yml` and then start your Docker Compose setup (override file will be included as it is a convention)
```

```

> docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-composer.override.yml up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cp docker-compose.override.yml.dist docker-compose.override.yml
docker-compose up
```
